Okay, I'm zeroing out the electro-osmotic
flow rate in the micro-fluidic channel.
Nicely done, Howard.
Well, my wife
is four-foot-ten and sexually satisfied,
so clearly I know my way
around tiny things.
Good for you.
On the cutting edge of new technology,
and still making inappropriate comments
about the mother of your child.
Those are just the things I say out loud.
Gentlemen, we need to stop immediately.
- What's wrong?
- I'm looking at the math,
and I think we can make the device
between eight and 10% smaller.
That's great, but the Air Force
approved the specs. We're good to go.
Yeah, it doesn't need to be smaller.
Shame on you.
Where would we be
if poodle breeders had that attitude?
I'll tell you. We'd have the standard
and the miniature poodle,
but no toy or teacup.
Which, by the way,
is not an officially recognized breed,
but that's just poodle politics.
Can we please stop talking about poodles?
Fine. Candy bars.
Now do you enjoy a fun size?
I know you do.
Sheldon, we don't need
to make this smaller.
Your work is done. Go home.
I don't wanna go home.
- Fine, go for a little walk.
- Then what?
Just keep walking.
At least it's quiet
when he takes bathroom breaks.
I know.
That's why I keep refilling his water
when he's not looking.
You're kidding.
I don't care if we're in a drought,
it's worth it.
You know, I... I do have a way
to get him out of our hair.
I've been holding on to this
for a few years,
but maybe now's the time.
We can just lock the door,
you don't have to kill him.
You can't kill him,
he'll just respawn at the last save point.
Oh.
That was my sixth trip to the bathroom.
As long as it's not
a urinary tract infection,
that's a personal best.
Hey, uh, buddy,
I got you a little present.
- Really?
- Yeah, yeah. Go ahead, open it.
"Congratulations. The bearer
of this certificate
"is entitled
to the ultimate train experience
"at The Nevada Northern Railway.
"You are at the throttle.
You are the engineer.
"You are running the locomotive."
This doesn't happen very often,
but here comes a hug.
Oh, dear! I have to tinkle again.
Okay, where were we?
For Howie's occupation,
should I include that he was an astronaut?
Well, he mentioned it
in his mother's eulogy,
so why not?
I can't believe you have to fill out
a preschool application for an infant.
Uh, the one at Caltech
has a crazy wait list.
I warned you, a lot of people apply
when they're still pregnant.
Well, I didn't.
I also skipped a birthing class
to see Zootopia, so back off.
Whoa, just trying to help.
Sorry. Howie's back at work
and there's just so much going on.
Is there anything we can do?
Sure. Open up a college fund,
shop for life insurance
and in the laundry room,
there's a mountain of dirty laundry.
Wash it or burn it. Your choice.
- Be right back.
- No, no. I will take care of it.
Thank you.
While I'm gone, you can think about
how mean you were to me.
All right, you know what you need?
A night away from all of this.
You know, where you can
just kind of relax and...
Okay, I'm just gonna turn this off.
Much better.
Seriously, let's plan a night, you know,
give you a break. We could go dancing.
That sounds really nice.
Oh. All this week,
the Early Music Society of Pasadena
is doing a joint concert
with the San Gabriel Renaissance Choir.
Okay, that's the one to beat.
Good luck. People have been saying that
for 600 years.
Hey. You're home early.
You'll never believe it.
Leonard gave me the most incredible gift.
A trip to a historic railway
and I get to operate an actual locomotive.
Wow. He finally used it? What'd you do?
No idea. All I know is
I'm gonna be working on the railroad
all the livelong day.
Well, I'm really happy for you.
Oh, no, it's not just me.
The railway is four hours
from the nearest airport,
and guess who gets to drive me?
- I give up.
- You!
No, I really give up.
Oh, oh. And guess where we get to sleep.
Our choice of a turn-of-the-century
railway bunkhouse
or a working caboose!
Now, the problem with the caboose
is there's no bathroom.
But the problem with the bunkhouse
is it's not a caboose.
On the first day,
I get to drive a steam engine.
On the second day, a diesel engine.
Oh, and if I volunteer to do
track maintenance and paperwork,
they'll let me stay as long as I want.
You might want to pack enough clothes
for the rest of our lives.
Can I pee now?
Oh, get this.
I get to take a test
based on 125-page manual.
I get to learn things like hand signals.
Whoa, there's forward, reverse,
set the brakes.
Are you done yet?
You're missing some great stuff out here.
Oh, this is good.
There are dozens of railroad crossings
you have to blow the whistle for.
That is the figurative "you,"
not the literal "you."
I'll be blowing the whistle.
Amy, get up. It's time to go to work.
This train thing worked out
better than I thought.
He's home studying the engineer's manual.
It's so peaceful without him here.
Can I ask you how much that cost?
Four thousand dollars, worth every penny.
Gentlemen.
- Oh, sir.
- Colonel Williams.
Just wanted to see
how the guidance system's coming along.
Great. We found a cooling solution
that allowed us to get the size
of the prototype down to the target specs.
As a cooling solution, it's pretty cool.
Don't do that.
What's this?
Oh, nothing. Just some math we don't need.
This is a different approach.
Are you trying to get the guidance system
even smaller?
It's just a theory.
It's not even worked out.
Oh.
I want this.
But we've already met
the agreed-upon specs.
Going smaller would require
weeks' worth of new computations.
So get the kid with the two shirts
to do it.
Sir, if I may,
we've put a lot of thought and effort
into this current prototype.
It's a really elegant solution
and most importantly, it works.
Yeah, I want this.
Okay, but that's just a theory.
It's not even a complete thought.
You both make excellent points.
Thank you for presenting it
so articulately.
Make this.
The kid with the two shirts
screwed us again.
All right. You guys ready to get crazy?
Well, the bra under here ain't beige.
Okay. You ladies have fun tonight.
Don't worry about Halley.
Uncle Stuart's on the job.
Oh, under the careful supervision
of her godfather.
My apologies.
Didn't mean to offend you, Don Corleone.
Like I said, you ladies have fun.
We will. Got my dancing shoes,
got my breast pump. Let's party.
You know, if you pump at the bar,
I promise we'll get free drinks.
Call if there's any problems.
- No. She's busy, you call Howard.
- Uh, got it.
Call me, don't call Howard.
Hey, I would never call Howard.
Okay, instead of arguing all night,
let's just split up the baby chores.
Yeah, great.
Um, I'll put food in her top half,
you deal with
whatever comes out the bottom.
I can't believe we have to ask
Sheldon to come back and help us.
Oh, boo-hoo. I spent four grand on a gift
that only got rid of him for an afternoon.
What is that?
I don't know,
but if he yells, "It's alive!" we run.
Oh, hey.
If you knocked I couldn't hear you.
I'm welding this locomotive engine.
And if you didn't knock,
how about some manners?
How'd you even get that up the stairs?
I said to myself,
"I think I can, I think I can."
And then I couldn't.
So I paid two men
who promised not to come rob us later.
Okay, look, Sheldon, the Colonel wants us
to make the guidance system smaller
and we can't do it without you.
Interesting.
Well, so I was right.
Open a window,
it's about to get smug in here.
Well, I would love to help you,
but since I discovered the satisfaction
of working with my hands
on a train engine,
I don't think I can go back to theory.
I'm an engineer now.
And, hey, just to be clear,
a train engineer.
Not that goofy kind you are.
Sheldon, you can still go
on the trip in a few weeks.
Just help us out.
Sorry, I need to work on this engine,
so when I get to the train yard,
I won't look foolish.
He's worried about looking foolish.
That's a heaping helping
of irony right there.
Come on, you know
you're not leaving physics.
Why are you doing this?
Leonard, in the world
of theoretical physics, you never finish.
So much is unprovable.
But when I was studying
that railway guide,
it was so tangible and so satisfying,
that something just clicked.
Then it clacked.
Then it clicked,
then it clacked, click-clack,
clickety-clack and here we are.
Whoo-whoo!
Hey. Did you hear anything back
from the Caltech preschool?
Not yet, but we're gonna apply
to a bunch of others
just to keep our options open.
Okay. Stop that! No more preschool talk.
Tonight is about having fun.
Nothing says fun like being scolded.
Uh-oh, it's Raj. Everything okay?
Don't worry, everything's fine.
Hang up, we don't need help.
I don't need your help
deciding when we need help.
Raj, what's going on?
So, I was just warming up
some milk for Halley,
and I thought the milk smelled
a little funky,
so I checked the date that you wrote
on the bottle and it says "Flerbsday."
It says Tuesday.
How is that a "T"?
I'm sure it's fine, but if you're worried
there's extra milk in the freezer.
OKay, yes.
I will err on the side of caution
and defrost a fresh batch.
You're wasting perfectly good milk.
- Fine, you drink it.
- It's just milk.
Stuart, don't you drink my milk!
Okay. Can you guys handle this or not?
Oh, of course we can.
Uh, you girls have a good time.
She said I was in charge.
So we just throw this away?
What else are you gonna do with it,
put it in your coffee?
Well, I don't take it black.
Okay, this is everything he had
on the board.
- I'm sure we can figure the rest out.
- All right.
Hmm.
Feel free to jump in. "Hmm" is all I got.
We can get this.
Is there any chance it's upside down?
Maybe we can find
another theoretical physicist to help us.
It's classified.
If we tell anyone we'd get in trouble.
Hey, I came up with that and "hmm."
You haven't pitched anything.
Just keep thinking.
I got it.
You really figured it out?
No.
But when we show this nonsense
to Sheldon,
it will make him crazy
and he'll have to fix it.
- Oh, you're a genius.
- Yeah, I know.
Uh, that's not even a math symbol,
that's just Charlie Brown's hair.
Sorry, guys. This club was so great.
How could they turn it into a bookstore?
I thought we got rid of all those.
Renaissance choir's looking
pretty good right now, huh?
Hello?
Nothing to worry about.
She's just been crying for a little while,
and I was wondering
if you had any tricks to get her to sleep.
She was sleeping just fine
until you took a selfie with her.
She was blowing a spit bubble.
It was adorable!
You guys got this?
Do you need me to come home?
Wait, wait. She's settling down.
Oh, okay, false alarm.
Little parenting tip,
sleeping babies hate flash photography.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah.
I may have just left my infant daughter
with Patrick and SpongeBob.
Hey, there's another dance club nearby.
I mean, I don't know how you feel
about Latin music,
but according to their horas of operacion,
they're open.
Maybe we should just call it a night.
You sure? They're open till dos.
Yeah, we're all dressed up, why go home?
I'm just not really in the mood anymore.
What's going on with you?
I don't know, this is all starting to feel
like a sad attempt to recapture our youth.
I'm not sad. I just wanted to get drunk
and not wear sweatpants.
I'm not sad. I mean, hello.
Okay, well, maybe I'm the one who's sad.
What are you sad about?
Maybe the fact
that you went and had a baby.
You're upset I had a baby?
No, of course not. I just...
I didn't think it would make me
have all these feelings.
What feelings?
Pressure!
I mean, she's looking at preschools,
she has a minivan, she has a 401.
Before she talked about it,
I just thought that was a race.
You think that stuff is fun?
Being a parent is terrifying.
I'm constantly worried, I'm always tired,
and, in a few minutes,
I'm going to milk myself
in a bookstore parking lot.
I get that, okay?
It's just, Leonard and I
have been married for two years
and we're no further along
than when we were dating.
Come on.
You've got so much to feel good about.
You've got a great job now.
Yeah, I guess. I am making decent money.
You make more than I do.
You may not have a house yet,
but your apartment's great.
It's bigger than mine.
And Leonard loves you so much,
he married you twice.
I'm not even engaged once.
I don't even know
if Sheldon thinks about marriage.
Not gettin' any younger.
Honestly, I kind of thought by now
we might have had some sort of...
Careful. The sound of crying
can make me lactate.
I'm sorry, I can't help it.
Aw, that's gonna make me cry.
And there they go.
Ew.
Well, Sheldon,
turns out we didn't need you after all.
That's right, we figured it out
all by ourselves.
- Wasn't even that hard.
- No.
Oh, good for you, guys.
Look, I have grease smudge on my hand
and I'm okay with it.
Aren't you gonna look at the board
to see how right we are?
No, thanks,
I'm busy trying to fix this fuel pump.
It's a manifold.
Oh.
Well, I guess it's fixed.
- Just look at the board.
- That's wrong.
Oh, no.
What should we have done differently?
Well, first of all,
you can't use relativistic
and non-relativistic vectors
in the same equation.
Told you.
Can you fix it for us?
Okay, but this is the last time.
Nice try, blockheads.
Come on, Sheldon,
you can't turn your back on physics.
Besides, you have no idea
what you're doing with this stuff.
But if you really want to learn
the mechanical side,
I can teach you anything you wanna know.
And instead of standing around watching,
you can help us build
your smaller guidance system.
And with all these new skills,
you'd be able to fix any model train.
You'd be the king of the train store.
Excuse me, I have a girlfriend.
I'm already king of the train store.
So what do you say?
Oh, what choice do I have? You need me.
I'm like the crankshaft of this team.
That's a turbo.
Well, whatever it is, it looks heavy.
I'm gonna need you two to get it
downstairs before Amy comes home.
I apologize it is so warm in here.
It is warm in here.
I've worked up a bit of a sweat.
Me, too.
May I borrow your water?
The light's green.
Sorry.
GPS says we'll be at the railway
in three hours.
I can get us there in two.
English - SDH